OKTA-806883 - Deprecate remaining hook apis from vuepress (#5086)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/migrate-to-okta-password-hooks/main/index.md

Okta then sets the supplied password in its backend (properly hashed) and transition the `credentials.provider.type` value from `IMPORT` to `OKTA`. This user is now fully migrated to Okta. From this point forward, when that particular user authenticates, your password hook is no longer called.

> For more information on the Request from Okta and types of Responses your application can return to Okta, visit the [Password import inline hook reference](/https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createPasswordImportInlineHook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the request from Okta and types of responses your app can return, visit the [Password import inline hook reference](/https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/InlineHook/#tag/InlineHook/operation/createPasswordImportInlineHook).
```
